Add an example of HTTPS with a non-default port (#311)
MikeBishop/dns-alt-svc: draft-ietf-dnsop-svcb-https.md

The domain owner could add this record:

    @ 7200 IN HTTPS 1 . alpn=h3

> to indicate that https://simple.example uses HTTPS, and supports QUIC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to indicate that https://simple.example (and http://simple.example)
use HTTPS, and supports QUIC
```

Author: I added a sentence about this at the end of the example.

in addition to HTTPS over TCP (an implicit default).
The record could also include other information (e.g. non-standard port,
ECH configuration).  For https://simple.example:8443, the record would be:

    _8443._https 7200 IN HTTPS 1 . alpn=h3

> 

Reviewer: Corner-case that I'm not sure we cover.  What happens to http://simple.example:8443 in this case?  Does it also get forced to HTTPS?

Author: Yes, it does.  I added this to the last sentence of this example.

The domain owner could add this record:

    @ 7200 IN HTTPS 1 . alpn=h3

to indicate that https://simple.example supports QUIC
in addition to HTTPS over TCP (an implicit default).
The record could also include other information (e.g. non-standard port,
ECH configuration).  For https://simple.example:8443, the record would be:

    _8443._https 7200 IN HTTPS 1 . alpn=h3

> These records also tell clients to replace the scheme with "https" when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These records also respectively tell clients to replace the scheme with "https" when
```
